feat: expose shouldSkipOnBackForwardUI on NavigationEntry (#51961)
electron/electron: docs/api/structures/navigation-entry.md

* `pageState` string (optional) - A base64 encoded data string containing Chromium page state
  including information like the current scroll position or form values. It is committed by
  Chromium before a navigation event and on a regular interval.

> * `shouldSkipOnBackForwardUI` boolean (optional) - Whether Chromium's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `shouldSkipOnBackForwardUI` boolean _Readonly_ (optional) - Whether Chromium's
```

Given the PR mentions this is read-only, we should document it as such.

Author: Readonly is an actual thing in JS that maps to typescript etc. this is not a readonly property in the JS sense (none of the properties on this dict are)

Reviewer: Understandable, although, for those using TypeScript, I think this might be nice as a hint that this shouldn't be manually changed. Unless we want to reserve the read-only designation for those that are runtime read-only.

Author: > Unless we want to reserve the read-only designation for those that are runtime read-only.

I think that's the intent. The docs should match the runtime

  [history manipulation intervention](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5585007072116736) will skip
  this entry on back/forward navigations because the page added it to the history without the user
  ever interacting with it (for example a client-side redirect). Skipped entries are not committed
  by `navigationHistory.goBack()` and `navigationHistory.goForward()`, but can still be reached

>   with `navigationHistory.goToIndex(index)`. Always present on entries returned by Electron; it is
>   ignored when passed to `navigationHistory.restore()`.

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if this wording will cause confusion. Here's a suggestion that's a little more verbose, but hopefully less likely to cause confusion?

```suggestion
  with `navigationHistory.goToIndex(index)`.   This property is always defined as `true`/`false`
  on entries returned by Electron; it is marked as optional because it is ignored when passed
  to `navigationHistory.restore()`.
```
